fixup macos source install instructions while testing for galactic (#1312)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Installation/macOS-Development-Setup.rst

#.
   **Xcode**

   * If you don't already have it installed, install Xcode.

>    * Note: The latest version of Xcode can no longer be installed on macOS Mojave, so you will need to install an older version manually, see: https://stackoverflow.com/a/61046761

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Note: Versions of Xcode later than 11.3.1 can no longer be installed on macOS Mojave, so you will need to install an older version manually, see: https://stackoverflow.com/a/61046761
```
